maybe backed into him like drop pulled
on top kept it on the rates like
one-time shot domestica oh what a great
save by Lewin as he does the switz gets
the left leg out and stops that low shot
yep mestic off gets it on the on the
right wing side he's alleged maybe
backed into him I drop pulled on top
kept it on the right side one time shot
domestica oh what a great save by Lewin
as he does the splits gets the left leg
out and stops that low shot that master
cop gets it on the on the right wing
side he the left shove it back in the
corner at the point McKenzie moving in
he just bowls / / 0 is the Marsha show
is the puck his body of the Rochester
zone on the near wing feeding foot by a
shelf and on a centering pass off the
pad of goaltender blew in and it's
carried away not at the left point get
back in the corner at the point McKenzie
moving in he just bowls over borough is
the Marcia show is the puck his body of
the Rochester zone on the near wing
feeding foot Barcia show fans on a
centering pass off the pad I've
goaltender Lewin and it's carried away
not at the left point cleared along the
boards cannon and she digs it out on the
left wing boards in the slide quick shot
is a school
Merson fix the lower corner white side
and
first flat nice play there by can it not
cleared along the boards ken adachi digs
it out on the left wing boards in the
slide quick shot in its goal that we
feed time of peace officer from the
Larson mix the Lord quarter Whiteside
first what a nice play there but can it
not throws it off with a left-wing force
now here's
our like
groaning and tired of standing in front
and Gadelha throws it off with a left
wing boards now here's
Oh
now the shotgun brought in and tired of
stand in front and another Smith and in
the right wing side shutter busting in
the gold back header they score
busted an automatic
some reason
who's only had one goal and lies her
smiths and in the right wing side
shutter busty gonna go back header hey
school
written
some reason
only had one goal and last in the race
for the puck Miller on the back for
Milan and spoke to don call by gillies
almost totally in front of our minutes
and it's born on the race for the puck
milla on the back for my Lynette spoke
to don call by gillies almost totally in
front of our ministers
the plague are beyond inside the right
boat and its core night come the amex
rather journey up the right wing side
now over the line moving in army who
pulls it in gets a shot away knocked
down by good luck he's got the rebound
but couldn't shoot in too deep at that
point back to the point Mackenzie with a
shot up off a stick it over the glass
another ploy nigga you got a seat come
the amex rather turning up the right
wing side now over the line moving in
our meal pulls it in gets a shot away
knocked down by good luck he's got the
rebound but couldn't shoot in too deep
at that point back to the point
Mackenzie with a shot up off a stick it
over the glass another ploy hey guys you
got to see